Today, entrepreneurs with enthusiastic in coming with unique ideas and skills booming the markets. Day by day the companies are coming out and simultaneously the skilled people were showing their talents. But here the common question arises in each entrepreneur's mind i.e. Where to get the projects. By having quality projects, survival in markets in front of competitors, not a simple task.
The startup companies have to choose these two main platforms, i.e 
1. Product based, and 
2. Services based. 
If the company chooses the product based, then it has their own business strategies and concepts with logical marketing techniques and promotions. It may be e-commerce, educational, trade, industries etc.
Now if the companies choose the services oriented, this comes some complex task and a little harder way to run the company with consisting success ratio and market stability. Though the product based company is also not predictable with the market fluctuations but compared to product based companies- service based have to day by day upgrade their business algorithms and techniques. 
For startups, if they go through the freelancing side, it can be beneficial for their organisational growth as well building the global communications with business networks and big clients. In this way, they can consistently build their business networks and drive their organisation in the successive path slowly and steadily they can be stable in the markets. There are some freelancing domestic and international companies where the startups and get the project timely. Some of those sites were,
1. Freelancer.com,
2. Upwork.com, 
3. Guru.com,
4. Fiverr.com,
5. peopelperhour.com,
6. fivesquid.com,
7. crowdspring.com,
8. Scriptlance.com,
9. Truelancer.com
10. Behance.com,
11. Smashingmagazine.com,
12. dribbble.com,
13. metafilter.com,
14. simplyhired.com,
15. toptal.com,
16. coroflot.com,
17. textbroker.com,
18. tutor.com,
19. getacoder.com,
20. crew.co
These are the quality sites where you can get the projects for service based company especially for new startup companies. If they have a quality writer and the small team, then you are those new startup companies are the upcoming stable companies in the software field.
We wish for your successful growth in the market. 



 Globalized Services has technically efficient staff with 6 yrs + experience in Web Development, Freelancing, Social Marketing, BPO's etc.  We taken up 172+ Project works based on Web Development(CMS,PHP), BPO (Inbound and Non-Voice Process) Globally with challenging Quality and perfectness. Projects which we taken up all over the world has rated lot of appreciations.  We will completely design your required template in high responsive manner which can be supportable from small screen sized mobile to notebook with latest technologies along with Bootstrap,J Script, J query, PHP,MYSQL, Ajax, Frameworks, Payment Gateway Integration's as per client's requirement.  We will design high quality mock-ups until you satisfy. Once we finish the Designs then we will deliver in PSD formats or Direct Live Hosting (as per your choice).  We deals with latest CMS Technologies like, 1. Word Press,  2. Joomla, 3. Drupal,  4. Magneto 5. Open Cart 6. Zen Cart, Presto-shop etc,  Designing and Programming like 1. PHP, AJAX, MYSQL(Database),  2. HTML/HTML 5, CSS/CSS 3, Boot Strap, 3. J Query, J Script, Angular JS,
Frameworks

1. Codeignator, 2. Zend 3. Cake PHP  We also deals with Mobile application development and Play Store services i.e, 1. Android Development, 2. i OS applications development etc.  We give assurance that whatever projects we take from client's, We will successfully complete those projects on time with high quality of work as well as complete client support where "client’s satisfaction is our main objective".

https://www.forbes.com/sites/forbestechcouncil/2020/07/13/new-tech-project-get-your-devs-on-board-fast-with-these-16-tips/amp/
